feat: point cloud API for styling (#2179)
cognitedata/reveal: documentation/docs/examples/pointcloud-styling.mdx

const objectCollection = new AnnotationIdPointCloudObjectCollection(annotationIds);
const appearance = { color: [255, 0, 0] };

model.assignStyledObjectCollection(objectCollection, appearance);
```

Use the property `model.styledCollections` to get a list of all object collections and their assigned style registered on the model.

## Default Appearance

It is also possible to set a default appearance for the point cloud using the `model.setDefaultPointCloudAppearance`. The following example makes all annotated objects visible, while hiding everything else:

```js runnable-4x
const annotationIds = [];

model.traverseStylableObjects(annotationMetadata => annotationIds.push(annotationMetadata.annotationId));

const objectCollection = new AnnotationIdPointCloudObjectCollection(annotationIds);
const appearance = { visible: true };

model.assignStyledObjectCollection(objectCollection, appearance);
model.setDefaultPointCloudAppearance({ visible: false });
```

Like in CAD styling, stylable objects that are part of multiple styled object collections will attain the appearance of the object set whose first style assignment was last.

> ## Unassigning Styled Object Collections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resetting styled objects
```

> To revert an assignment of a style to an object collection, you may use `model.unassignStyledObjectCollection`, using the `PointCloudObjectCollection` as argument. To unassign all styled object collections at once, use `model.removeAllStyledCollections`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revert an assignment of a style to an object collection, you may use `model.unassignStyledObjectCollection`, using the `PointCloudObjectCollection` as argument. To reset all styled objects use `model.removeAllStyledCollections`
```
